Fantastic experience iPhone, Apple, great, amazing.
I'm so glad I'm in this ecosystem now.
(upbeat music)
- Can we talk about how I'm so polite
and you're such a jerk online,
and somehow it works together?
Am I a jerk online too?
Wait, are we both jerks?
- I am not a jerk online.
- Okay, sure, Dax.
- Oh, okay, you know what?
Let's get into this.
- Let's get into it.
- This past week, how many people were upset with me?
- Oh, okay.
- How many people were upset with you?
More than zero.
- Okay, okay, okay.
So you win this week.
You're the nice guy this week.
- I have to.
I'm definitely, I'm not a jerk, but maybe I'm toxic.
Is that about to rephrase it?
- That's worse, good call.
- 'Cause I mean to people,
and that just makes them want to make me like them more.
- Wait, what?
- Like, I feel like I make fun of people,
but then they're just like, "Oh, okay."
But like, you know, next time
we're gonna say something nice, you know?
Like, I make people crave the nice comment I dole out,
run every 10 minutes.
- You're the Simon Cowell, it's the Simon Cow thing, right?
Like, you know what I'm talking about?
What was the show?
Who wants to be like, no?
- American Idol.
- American Idol?
- Yeah, I don't think.
- Who wants to be in American Idol?
- Whatever.
He would do like terrible, terrible feedback.
Everybody like, you're just awful.
You're so bad at singing.
And then when he's nice, it's a huge deal.
- It's like this tear jerking moment.
Yeah, it's a big deal.
- You see, I definitely resonate with that,
'cause I feel like that is more genuine and more honest.
- I guess, I just made a video about it, actually.
I can't disagree with you.
I really want to disagree with you,
but I just talked about how being honest paid off for me
once the one time I was honest.
(laughing)
You know what I mean, like being like super direct
and like, totally transparent.
Sometimes it's really refreshing.
It can be nice.
- Yeah, you should go back to that instead of meeting people
on Twitter and not unfollowing them.
- What?
- I unfollowed somebody?
- Yeah, no, it's probably, you never unfollow anyone.
You just mute them.
- Oh, muting people.
- That's why I said meeting people on Twitter.
- No, no, no.
- Yeah, no, I just mute people.
Never mind.
(laughing)
- Did your brain ever go somewhere
and then you're like, "Stop thinking about this immediately."
- Stop, it's gonna come out of your mouth.
Just stop.
- Well, let's talk about how you're gonna end the week
with a nice little vacation.
- Oh yeah, go on a vacation.
We're going to Florida and you live in Florida,
so we're gonna see each other.
It's like the first day we're there, I think.
- I think so.
We haven't really booked--
- We get there Friday.
- We haven't booked anything yet.
So we might do Saturday.
We might fly outside a morning and then early morning
and then we might just go back Saturday evening.
- So this is a terrible time to have this conversation next
but actually talk to Casey
and we'd prefer you don't come.
I hope that's okay.
(laughing)
- Why can't I give a straight face?
- Yeah, I couldn't either.
(laughing)
- That'd be fun.
Like a really good issue.
- They'll never sneak up on you or something like that.
You'll just always see through me.
- I had no response.
I mean, I honestly had no response.
I was like, what do I even say to that?
- Did you think I was serious?
- No, no, I didn't think you were serious.
- Oh, okay.
There's just no way to play off the bit.
I gotcha.
I wasn't trying to make it a bit.
I was trying to make it really awkward
and hopefully sell you, but you didn't bleed me.
- So there you go.
- I was actually kind of relieved.
I didn't want to go.
- Oh, okay, yeah.
- There we go.
That's the right way to respond.
(laughing)
- You would, by the way, to turn that around
and do an insult on me.
- You guys are gonna be at that resort.
I'm not gonna say what resort. - Yeah, please no.
- Who knows, people might show up.
- You never know.
- Our wild rabbit fans might show up.
(laughing)
So I don't know if we can, can we like visit you there?
Like how does that work?
- Just like, you want to come hang out on the beach?
We can go get lunch.
- Yeah, there's a good day pass thing we can get.
That would be perfect.
- Oh, like a day pass to,
you don't need a pass that, what?
It's a hotel.
It's just like come hang out with us.
- But like resorts are weird, you know?
Aren't they like?
- Are they?
- Do you don't have a wristband?
- We're gonna kick you out.
I don't think so.
I mean, it's a public beach, isn't it?
I don't know.
- Is it?
- We're not staying somewhere like fancy, fancy.
It's just a hotel on the beach.
- Yeah, okay, we'll do that.
- I'm sure we can figure it out.
Like there's not gonna be any like,
I don't know, hall passes needed or whatever.
We'll just, we'll hang out.
I mean, but the whole day will just be like,
for like what we would have done,
if you're not there is just like beach,
go out to eat a few times and beach.
So yeah, we'd love to do all that with you guys.
- Yeah, I'm excited.
Liz keeps telling me how the beaches there
are beautiful.
Have you been there before?
- No, Casey just went for like a volleyball thing,
but I've never been.
I mean, I've been to Tampa.
I've just never gone to the beaches in St. Pete.
- Yeah, it's gonna be really convenient for us.
The flight is like an hour.
So it's almost like like a train ride.
- It's like L.A. to San Francisco thing.
It's just like a three hour drive, right?
- Yeah, but like for a single day doing six hours.
- Yeah, to drive there and back.
That's what we do when we do the Kansas City thing.
But you spend more time driving than you do at the place,
which is no fun.
- Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, we would have stayed for longer,
but like we didn't have someone,
we didn't have someone to watch Zuko.
By the way, it's Zuko's birthday today.
It's his one whole birthday.
- One year old Zuko, Zuko's cool.
Is that a real picture of Zuko
that you dressed up in all that like military car?
- Car back year.
No, I found it on there now.
Okay.
It's a picture of a government holding an assault rifle
wearing bulletproof vest.
Let's show it to her grandma.
Her grandma was like, "Oh, Zuko's so cute."
And I just had no reaction besides that.
- Nothing said things.
- No, that's awesome.
When you get to that age, you're just kind of floating.
You know, just floating through life.
But Casey's grandma has coffee with Bailey's in it
every morning and I just love that.
- Wow.
- She's like 95 and it's like, "Sure, why not?"
You wake up and just get toasted every morning.
- Do you guys drink at home?
- Like alcohol?
- Yeah.
- So Casey's never really drank much alcohol.
She's like just health reasons.
She just doesn't really,
I mean, she had like a college phase
where she got really into it.
But in adulthood, she doesn't really care for it.
I like a glass of red wine,
although I haven't done it a lot lately.
It's probably been like,
it's been six months to a year since I was like,
I think I'll have a glass of wine.
But yeah, I mean, we drink it at home.
If we do drink it, we don't go out.
So we definitely don't go out and drink.
I guess with the tech conference,
I was like the last time I drank.
- Yeah. (laughs)
I was other adults, not with my kids.
- I'm kind of the same.
I don't really drink that often at all.
But a few times a year, I will.
We at me and Liz have a funny relationship
because she is like a lot more masculine.
She has a lot of these like typically masculine habits.
- Yeah.
- So it's like way more likely that she's gonna be sitting
in like a leather chair, smoking a cigar, like drinking.
(laughs)
- It's amazing.
- Yeah, I love it.
I've always thought it'd be cool to be one of those people
that has like the little round ice balls
and like the little short glass and you drink whatever it is
they put in it bourbon or scotch or whatever.
And just like setting some fancy room
and drink that kind of stuff.
It just seems so cool.
But I also thought it'd be cool to be like the dad
who gets up and like sets at the table
and eats breakfast with the newspaper.
I genuinely have always wanted to do that.
It's super dumb, but I've just wanted to like
be that stereotype.
- So bad.
- I can't see you doing the drinking one at least.
That doesn't seem like you.
- No.
- Sorry.
- I'm not like fancy enough or something.
I don't know.
I do like, I like some drinks.
There are some cocktails and things that are like,
I do not like just drinking straight alcohol.
Like that just sounds disgusting.
- Yeah, this makes a lot of cocktails.
And she's trying to like cut back
on the actual alcohol part.
So now she's been making them with alcohol
which means I can have them.
And they are like so pretty good, they're delicious.
- But you can't consume alcohol?
Wait, what?
- No, I can.
I just don't.
For me, I'm not going to bother drinking
unless I'm going to get super drunk.
That's like my day.
- It's just like, it's like the social element of like,
it's going to be a good time.
You're going to make some memories.
- So I'm not going to have just like one drink
because it's not worth it.
- Yeah, like why poison your body for no reason?
- Yeah.
- The younger generation knows this, right?
They figured out like coffee and alcohol,
not great to just consume every day.
And like our generations are dumb.
We did that.
- Did they inject out a coffee?
I feel like everyone drinks coffee.
- I don't know, I think that's the thing, isn't it?
The Zoomers, they don't think caffeine and coffee
are necessary to function.
- Well, you know, it doesn't drink coffee.
- You don't drink coffee.
- I don't drink coffee.
- You know who else doesn't drink coffee?
I don't drink coffee.
We're pretty annoying.
We are, this is a pair of pretty annoying people.
I don't drink coffee.
- Okay.
- You know what's about me?
- They're just a, okay, they're a couple of days
where you just got caffeinated and went crazy.
I do remember that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I definitely have caffeine on occasion.
And I used to be really into the just black coffee
every morning, I did the whole thing.
I'm like a reformed recovering coffee drinker.
But yeah, I just, when you drink it every day,
you just have to have it to like be normal.
And when you don't drink it every day,
you realize you can just be normal without it.
And then when you have it rarely,
once every couple of weeks or something,
it's like superpowers.
I feel like I can run laps.
I have like 15 new business ideas.
Just like everything is just on track.
You feel in such a good mood.
Everything is just great.
We got to do it rarely.
- For me, I just never got into the taste of it.
And I'm just like, I can't do it.
I don't like the way it stays.
- It's objectively disgusting.
I mean, there's nothing about coffee
that is actually attractive.
It smells bad.
I mean, it's, okay, it smells good.
- It smells good.
- Yeah, it smells good.
It doesn't smell good on people.
Like coffee, breath, that stains your teeth.
It, all the things we just said about caffeine,
it's just bitter, it's like,
it's not good tasting.
But you do develop this like affection for it,
where you really enjoy the taste,
because you've been brainwashed by the caffeine.
- I say this all the time.
I was like, oh, I'm just pretending to like coffee.
And everyone gets so pissed when I say it,
which is why I say it.
And I keep saying it more and more.
- I mean, if you start out pretending to like it,
and then eventually you actually,
I get the argument that you do really enjoy it.
And my wife is like, why can't you just get into teas?
And it's just different.
I don't know.
It's never gonna be as good as I enjoyed coffee,
but it's all just the caffeine addiction, right?
It's just, we're just little mice addicted to our drugs.
That's a whole nother topic.
Just like the things we were,
have you ever not had something
that was like a constant dopamine supplier?
Have you ever felt like you had no addictions whatsoever?
I think I just replaced them.
- Mate, I've never thought of it that way,
but I guess so I'm always on like trying to do something,
which I guess is that.
- That's your thing.
Yeah.
I mean, work has definitely been that thing for me
for large stretches of my life.
- Yeah, exactly.
It's like work or is that not normal?
- I don't know.
That's what my question is like,
does anyone exist where nothing has like that hold on them
where like they wake up and it's the first thing
they're thinking about?
Like I feel like I've always had something
like that my entire life.
It's just different things.
- Yeah, I'm trying to think.
I honestly cannot imagine a different way of being
and anytime I try to imagine a different way of being,
it just feels empty or like lost.
To me, I can't imagine like a positive version of it.
I'm sure a positive version of it exists, but yeah,
I don't know.
I always need something I'm trying to work towards.
- I guess I've only experienced a negative version too.
Like the only time I can think of
where I didn't have that was a very wandering,
like aimless stretch.
It was after I got fired at Sam Hughes.
That was just, it's like I, that was my identity
and I didn't have anything else.
And yeah, it was not good.
But I don't know.
People have always told me I should be more balanced.
Like I flexed one muscle too much.
So I think about these things.
- Maybe, but I think what I,
the thing I, we might have maybe been talked about before.
Maybe you know on a previous episode,
but I always think about this concept
of people like really being eager to retire
when they hit retirement age and they retire
and then they die shortly after.
Like they deteriorate really quickly and they die.
And I've seen this a lot like up close
where in the span of five years,
I'll just go from like a normal live person
to kind of like a shell of who they were.
And I kind of think it's this.
It's like the moment you stop,
you know, start to deteriorate in a lot of ways.
I think about Warren Buffett and how he's like,
he is so old.
Oh my God, he is like so old.
But he's still working and talking about
stuff every single day.
Like he's been doing that till like the last thing he says
is gonna be something work related before he dies probably.
And he is so mentally there compared to a lot of other people
like even 10 years younger than him.
So I feel like there's something there.
- But what do you say to people that I feel like
I've had these conversations, especially online,
it turns into like you're missing out.
If you're just working like to experience other things
in life or do you buy into the retirement thing?
Like is that a past generation concept of like working
till you're 55 or 65 or whatever.
And then retiring, is that just like the privilege saying?
I don't know.
All these things are in conflict with my brain.
Like should I just work on this stuff as long as I possibly can?
Is that what you're saying?
Like I'll grow old more gracefully if I do.
- I think yeah, I think when you don't have a purpose
and your brain's not actively working on stuff,
it just does tear it as you get older.
I don't know.
The people that say you're missing out,
I think it's arbitrary.
It's like you're looking at the stuff I'm doing
and you're personally deciding I don't care about that
and you like other stuff.
That's fine.
But we just say, oh, you're missing out.
'Cause I can just say you're missing out on the stuff
that I'm getting, you know?
I don't know.
I don't really understand that.
The thing I'm more talking about is the people that are like
work sucks.
There's no form of work that can't suck.
So the thing you should optimize for is to like retire
by the age of 40.
And then it's like the fire thing or whatever,
financial independence retire early.
Whatever the thing is, the whole subreddit,
the whole community and culture around this.
And I'm just like, okay, but like then,
then what, like did you set up a life where,
or you set up like a life where once you're that age,
you now have momentum to do other stuff
or you just kind of like,
I feel that most people don't have plans
or just like, I don't want to work.
And I hit that and it's gonna, now what are you gonna do?
Like you can spend a lot of time with your family
and kids and all that stuff as well,
but you know, it's not gonna be 100% of your time.
- Yep.
- Especially as they get older as well.
- Yeah, are the fire people, is that the fire festival?
(laughing)
Is that people who want to retire early?
I honestly don't know.
- That's no actual question.
(laughing)
- I can't, this is like so like these two concepts
cannot be more unrelated.
- Oh really?
Okay.
- The fire festival was that crazy like,
did you never see the documentary
or like, never looked into something?
- I think I've heard of the documentary.
Is this the one that's in the desert?
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's Burning Man.
Also, fire related, I guess, wait, it's not--
- Also fire, wow, yeah, that's confusing.
They should really work on their names.
- And there's Fire Island,
which is also a completely different concept, so--
- I've never even heard of that one.
So it must be really spicy.
(laughing)
- Fire Festival was this thing,
it was like super hype music festival.
I forgot where, some island in the Caribbean.
And it was like, crazy, crazy hype.
Like so many like celebrities
and like, it was gonna be the biggest music festival ever.
And it just ended up being a complete disaster
'cause the guy behind it was just like,
so, so uncommon.
Like people showed up and they were like,
tents and like not even tents.
And there was like styrofoam things
with like one slice of bread in it for food.
Just like, everything possibly went--
- So FTX, but with music.
- Yeah, exactly.
- That's what it sounds like.
- And there's a whole documentary on it.
It's actually really hilarious.
It's like the craziest, funniest stuff.
- Okay, so it was a one time thing.
That's not an ongoing festival.
Okay, so the fire people,
they can reclaim that name.
They could bring honor back.
- It's AFIRE and I think Fire Festival
might've been with a YA 'cause of course,
it's gonna be with a YA.
(laughing)
That's so funny.
- Yeah.
Fire, retire early, Fire Festival, both not for me.
- Yeah, not for me.
I just, my wife has always asked,
like, what would you do if you're retired?
I just can't imagine a world.
But at the same time, like AI, all this stuff,
it's like, am I actually gonna be doing what I do right now?
For another 20, 30, 40 years?
- Probably not.
You weren't doing what you're doing right now two years ago.
- True, such a measured take.
Look at you, just off the dome.
You just had that one ready.
- Yeah, so I don't know what I'm gonna be doing in five years
but I know it's gonna look like work,
but it's gonna be maybe completely different.
- Yeah, that's true.
And that's been constant in our careers.
Hey, I got a question that's random for you.
If you could only be on one internet place,
like one social media platform I'll say,
like you could only hang out in YouTube comments,
on Twitter, on Twitch, one place for the rest of your life.
What are you thinking?
- That's my life.
Oh, I'm an annoying answer.
It's gonna be Discord.
- Oh, good call.
- And I'll give you a very detailed reason why.
- Okay, please.
- So, for me, the hard choice between is,
for me, I would naturally say Twitter,
like, 'cause that's where I spend a lot of my time.
- Yeah, you like drama, et cetera.
- Yeah, of course.
And I like, I've invested the most there.
But if I had to pick one, I'd pick Discord,
because, again, just like a chat platform,
good for having one-to-one relationships with people.
SST works out of there, so obviously for work.
But, this is very specific.
Nikita Beer works at Discord now.
And Discord also recently said,
you see the thing where they were like,
you know how Discord does that thing
where it's like your username,
plus a bunch of random numbers after?
- Yeah, yeah.
They're going back on that and they're saying,
everyone needs unique user names now.
- Oh, seriously?
- So, over the next couple of months,
like, they're gonna roll that out so people,
based on the age of your account,
you get an opportunity to choose your username first?
- Oh, no.
- Yeah.
I'm gonna register adam.dev.
- Stop it.
(laughing)
I'll take the HDXR.
Wouldn't that be funny?
We had a chat.
(laughing)
- So, they're making that shift.
Plus, Nikita Beer works there,
who's like, just the social media, God.
- Yeah, he's the guy that they found it.
- They acquired something right, yeah, yeah.
So, I don't know, he has also tweeted saying
that he's like, kind of done with that,
but my bet here would be,
the reason they're doing the username thing
is because they're trying to do something
that's a little bit more like global versus like,
everything in Discord has scoped the servers.
- Oh, okay.
- Yeah.
- I wonder if they're gonna do something like Twitter
or like whatever the next generation of Twitter could be.
Plus, he's just a genius,
so I think he would run that really well if he's involved.
So, I had to pick one to mix up, I like it today.
I've used it for a long time.
It's just gotten so much better over the years.
I've used it, never had to complain with it.
And I feel like it's still get 10, 100 times better.
There you go.
- Yeah, I do think like, I've noticed a lot more
of taking like my Twitter DMs to Discord.
Like, hey, do you have Discord?
This is just, it's awkward to remember
to check Twitter DMs.
- Yeah.
- So, I've noticed that.
- I love the mix that there's,
it's like Slack where there's like, you know, workspaces
and you have like your company
or different projects, whatever.
But, the DMs are global, which is a issue with Slack.
Like, you meet someone in one Slack
and you're just gonna continue to mess with them
and that one Slack about like anything.
So, it's always been kind of weird.
So, DMs being global, also having that.
It's like, again, like brilliant design.
- The number of servers though.
What is the solve for just,
I know you can do like folders.
I noticed.
- I've just dropped a lot of servers.
I don't know. - Oh, really?
Is, do I have like a FOMO problem?
What, why am I in so many servers?
- Do we even look at them?
- No, never. - I've been calling them
with them.
- Yeah, it's literally never.
- You just read them if you need them, man.
- Exactly.
Can't believe I never thought about it.
- I just keep ones that I message often enough in
because they're usually like open source ones
where I like, I just need trouble shooting help,
just like support stuff.
- Yeah.
- And that is pretty much it.
Then I have SST and I have just, yeah,
just ones that I'm, if I'm not like actively posting in there
at least once a week,
it's like there's no reason to need to be there.
- No, that's such a good point.
I'm gonna delete them all.
'Cause I literally get notifications sometimes
from some of these things.
Like when I try and enable discord notifications on my phone
'cause I wanna make sure I get something
and then I'm getting them from all these random places
that I have ever visited once.
Just gotta leave.
- Yeah, the server thing can get kind of messy,
but I don't know.
Yeah, I've just loved it as a platform for super long.
I have also the voice, the drop-in voice thing,
such a smart implementation, is it like doing voice call?
It just makes it flow away more naturally.
Like Slack, try to like copy it,
but they decided to do their own take on it.
But then their own take on it just kind of
undid the magic of it.
So yeah, it's just like, I just trust that company.
- Is there like a walk, sorry, I was listening.
I totally was listening.
But is there like a walkie-talkie equivalent in 2023
where like me and you could just,
I could just like press the button and walkie-talkie you?
- Yeah, there's apps that do that.
- Really? - Yeah.
- And if I did it, you would hear it.
Just like, it would come over your phone immediately.
- That does sound really fun.
(laughing)
- Like something about that just sounds so fun.
- Yeah, no, I used to physically have walkie-talkies
in my friends.
- I mean, we can't get some that are internet enabled,
can we?
Where I could just have a walkie-talkie here
and you could have one in South Florida
and we could just like beep.
- I mean, you're just reinventing a phone,
but yeah, there are, there are.
(laughing)
- But it's not, there's no permission needed.
I can just start talking in your presence
and you can't do anything about it.
That's the difference with walkie-talkies.
- Yeah, no, I know, I have seen apps that do that.
Do you remember like the next, was it next tell?
The little chirp?
- Yeah, the chirp, uh-huh, yep.
- My dad and all his friends had that
and that seemed a lot of fun.
- Oh, do you have an Apple watch?
- No.
- Why?
- I just got an iPhone, like glass, you know.
- And you don't have an Apple watch yet?
You've had it for a month?
- I have an iPhone, I don't have an Apple watch.
And I don't have an Apple watch.
- You don't have AirPods?
Those come with the phone now, don't they?
- The phone is even kind of the charger,
like it's just an idea.
- Does it come with a charger?
- Did I tell you my experience of buying an iPhone?
Okay, let me tell you my experience.
10 years of avoiding Apple, everyone's like,
oh, you gotta go to Apple, everything is a great experience.
Here's my experience of buying an iPhone.
I show up to the store, okay.
One of the best retail experiences,
supposedly the best retail experience ever.
- It's an Apple store?
- An Apple store?
- Okay, yeah.
- 'Cause you can't go to like an AT&T store,
probably, and that would be awful, but go ahead.
- No, no, no, I go to the Apple store.
I go, stand in front of the iPhone.
And I look around, and everyone,
the staff is walking around, free form, you know?
'Cause they're, they gotta do everything different.
- Yeah.
- Trying to get someone's attention, eventually they do.
They're like, oh, sorry, I can't help you.
And I'm like, okay.
And then they're like, you need to go to the front over there.
- What?
- And put your name on a waiting list.
They go to the front, and I go up with my name
on a waiting list.
- To get a phone?
- Yeah.
- So when I wait, I had no questions.
I really wanted to buy, pay, and cash and leave, right?
I needed nothing from them. - Yeah.
- I'm okay.
My name is waiting, let's wait 15 minutes.
Finally, Apple employee comes up, he goes,
hey, I'm not the person that can help you,
but I'm the person that's gonna help you
find the person that can help you.
So then I have to explain to her what I need,
and she's of course asking me the script like,
do you need that?
I mean, no, I just wanna buy the phone, I wanna leave.
So then she then finds me someone, and this person
finally is helping me.
Again, takes way too long.
I eventually get the phone, walking out.
I somehow drop the bag with a phone in it,
and it falls on my toe, I'm wearing sandals.
It falls on my toe in this weird way
where the edge of the box gets the edge of like,
right where my toenail meets like the rest of my toe.
- Yeah.
- And my foot just starts bleeding.
- Oh my God.
- Like crazy.
- What?
- And then I drive home with like a kind of like a bleeding
foot, and I get home, and I'm like,
oh, I'm so glad I have an iPhone now.
- What a weird story, man.
What a strange shopping experience.
I've not done the Apple Store thing much,
but that sounds, that can't be the normal experience.
That surely they are more prepared
for person walks in to buy iPhone.
Like that just sounds so incompetent.
Apple seems competent.
- I mean, the thing is like, I get the vibe they want,
which is like, oh, just like an open space
where like everything's free flowing, which is a cool vibe.
But there's a reason stores have like,
grab a thing, go to checkout, right?
There's like, it's just whenever something
doesn't follow a pattern, it just turns into chaos
because no one knows what to do or to expect.
But yeah, fantastic experience iPhone.
- Apple, great.
Amazing.
I'm so glad I'm gonna see you go to some now.
- I just order stuff because I don't live
where there's an Apple Store.
I'm just used to like, I can't go get nice things.
I just have to buy them on the internet
and they come to me in a few days.
These are just on that.
Your toe would thank you.
- That's what I was gonna do, but I was like,
you know what, let me go to the house.
Let me go do a thing.
Let me get my thing right away.
And it cost me my toe, and it amputated.
So now I have nothing to say.
- Okay, you need to get an Apple Watch
is where this was said.
- Okay, wait, but I can't believe you can walk you
talking to me on Apple Watch.
- There's a walkie-talkie app on the Apple Watch.
It's built into the Apple Watch.
So I think we could just have it native
where I could like, chirp.
And you might have to accept it or something.
I'm not sure.
- So we like talking to our like, like,
we're inspired or something, talking to our wrist.
- Sounds kind of awesome, doesn't it?
Here's a question for you.
I was just thinking how that sounds so futuristic.
Why, this is something my wife and I talk about
at a minimum once a month.
Why has no one invented a shower like the Jetsons?
I don't understand how all the advances in technology-
- What is the shower of the Jetsons?
I don't know what that is.
- Do you know what the Jetsons is?
- I know what the Jetsons are.
- This is why, this is why it hasn't happened
because the brightest minds in the world like Dax
don't even know about the Jetsons anymore.
The Jetsons was like the futuristic TV show.
- I knew what it is, I remember the shower.
What was the shower?
- It's like a car wash for people.
You walk through it, or maybe even just like,
you stand in it and it just like scrubs you down.
You do nothing and then you're clean
and you get out of the shower.
Blow dryers the whole thing.
Like, it should be an experience just like the car wash
for people.
And I don't understand how technology is advanced
in these insane ways.
And we haven't thought about the bathroom at all.
We haven't made showers better.
- Yeah, please.
- What's great about cars is they don't have crevices.
As long as I say.
- Oh, you think it couldn't, wait.
You just think it couldn't get you clean?
You have to spread your legs maybe, and your arms.
You're just like, Vitruvian man.
- Yeah, so it would get your extremities, but you know.
- Okay, okay, well I don't know, bidets, I feel like-
- That's true, a bidet, you're right, a bidet.
- So it's just like a full body bidet.
I need one.
I'm so tired of having to actively wash my body.
How have we not moved that
and like abstracted that away from us?
Is someone mowing the lawn inside your office?
Or is it outside?
- Wait, what is that?
'Cause I don't even try to roll on.
(laughing)
- It must be a leaf, it must be a leaf flower.
- Okay, this is so funny, it's so loud.
- Well, hang on, hang on.
Okay, so do you imagine it's on a conveyor belt?
Are you like standing still on like rotating or something?
Or like stuff is going around?
- I'm good with either.
- I'm good, imagine it'd be more logistically feasible
for it to be a stand still situation.
If it's like a conveyor belt,
you got some runway there you need, you know?
- I imagine that it's, this is all technically feasible.
It might just be that the economic way
that a man is just not there 'cause-
- Everyone would buy that shower.
I don't understand what this is.
- No, really, only you would buy that shower.
I would not buy that shower.
If you had the option between shower that showers for you
or you have to shower like a caveman,
you're choosing, you're gonna spend less money,
save money so that you can spend 30 minutes every day.
- It's not about the money.
It's just like, I don't, I don't know,
like I don't mind showering, I enjoy showering.
It's like, I'm fine touching myself and rubbing myself.
Like that's okay.
- Okay, this is going places.
(laughing)
- Adam's so intentional, he doesn't even wanna like
touch his own skin.
(laughing)
- Yeah, I'm okay with it.
It just seems like a lot of complexity room
for error room for things to break for something.
- It would literally save me like 20, 25 minutes a day.
We do so many things to save off like five minutes.
I feel like, I don't know, there's an opportunity there.
I want robots and I want them to do everything.
- Do everybody wants this too, the shower?
- Oh yeah, for sure.
I thought everyone did.
Apparently we're the weird couple
that doesn't like showering ourselves.
Okay, I'll take that back to my wife.
We'll reflect on that.
- I'm trying to think exactly what a car wash does
or has those giant like things that like go around like,
I think it would just hurt.
I don't know, which is not a good experience.
- Yeah, it'd be made for humans.
You couldn't literally just like size down a car wash.
- Yeah, but then it'd have to be like,
then it'd have to be like really precise.
And I think machines aren't good at being like,
precise that way.
- That's the whole another conversation.
Yeah, why is the like fine motor skills such a hard thing?
She was like, I don't know, babies learn it.
My three year old understands.
Like why can't machines and robots do that?
I don't get it.
- Yeah, I know, it's probably, you know, people are,
it's just 'cause they're on people smart,
like you working on these problems.
It's probably.
- Exactly, I should work on robotics.
That's what I'm gonna do.
- In five years, who knows?
That might be what you're working on.
- I think we will have robots.
I think in our lifetime,
we're gonna have like walk around robots.
Go ahead, you're gonna say something totally unrelated.
- Liz's sister is getting into making jewelry
and she's taking classes and stuff
and she was telling me yesterday, like,
oh, I think this is a good time to get into that stuff
because since everything digital AI is gonna do,
it's good to have a job like this.
And then she clarified, like, yeah, I'm glad I'm,
I'm doing a hand job.
(laughing)
- Is she a native English speaker?
Was that, like, obvious to her?
- Yeah, it was just a weird, just true born American.
But, you know, sometimes Americans no speak good.
- Sometimes you say things like that and you regret them.
(laughing)
- So yeah, we're gonna, I think we need all of us
might need to get into hand jobs.
- Okay, now you've taken it too far.
You just, you just got a little too far.
This podcast, I'm gonna have to put the explicit flag
on our podcast hosting.
- Not really.
- So it will have made a comment.
Let's talk, we should talk, we have a podcast
and we don't talk about it much.
Well, you all know that.
You're listening to it right now.
But it's been growing.
There's more of you, but listen to it every week.
Feels good, keep doing that.
Keep telling your friends about it or whatever,
however that's happening.
- How do you think that's happening, Dax?
- I think we went from never mentioning it ever
to them now, sometimes mentioning it.
And that has just caused explosive growth.
(laughing)
Growth hacking strategy.
We should write a book.
- There's people, if they don't know your thing exists,
then they will never listen to it.
- Growth hacking your podcast, 2023.
- There you go.
- Top tips.
- And on that note, I think we went too long on this one.
We could have cut, maybe just Chris would cut out the middle.
Just the middle was probably like, man, we'll see.
- Okay.
(laughing)
- So it doesn't make any hard choices
about interesting things.
- All right.
Well, I'll see you.
- Well, you're starting to say something.
- No, is it?
- Oh, okay.
Let's look back at your face.
You just had that face, like, one more interesting.
Okay.
- No, it's you.
So you always do the end.
- I always do that.
- Throw it in one more, one more thing.
- Oh, by the way, here's a big thinker for you.
- Yeah.
- Say goodbye.
All right, seriously, bye.
- Okay, see ya.
(upbeat music)